Fix typos in MIGRATION.md (#1470)
actix/actix-web: MIGRATION.md

* `actix_web::server` module has been removed. To start http server use `actix_web::HttpServer` type

> * StaticFiles and NamedFile has been move to separate crate.

Reviewer: Let's fix more things.
```suggestion
* StaticFiles and NamedFile have been moved to separate crates.
```

Author: Sure, let me fix it. Thank you so much!
